If Obama resigns from office NOW, thereby doing a great service to the country—I will give him free lifetime golf at any one of my courses! Obama is, without question, the WORST EVER president. I predict he will now do something really bad and totally stupid to show manhood! This election is a total sham and a travesty. We are not a democracy!I have never seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke.Robert Pattinson should not take back Kristen Stewart. She cheated on him like a dog & will do it again--just watch. He can do much better! Robert I'm getting a lot of heat for saying you should dump Kristen- but I'm right. If you saw the Miss Universe girls you would reconsider. So many tweets & stories on Stewart/Pattinson Look, it doesn't matter-- the relationship will never be the same. It is permanently broken. Everyone knows I am right that Robert Pattinson should dump Kristen Stewart. In a couple of years, he will thank me. Be smart, Robert. Everyone is asking me to speak more on Robert & Kristen.I don't have time except to say "Robert, drop her, she cheated on you & will again!" Everybody wants me to talk about Robert Pattinson and not Brian Williams—I guess people just don’t care about Brian! After Friday’s Twilight release, I hope Robert Pattinson will not be seen in public with Kristen--she will cheat on him again! .@katyperry must have been drunk when she married Russell Brand @rustyrockets – but he did send me a really nice letter of apology! .@katyperry Katy, what the hell were you thinking when you married loser Russell Brand. There is a guy who has got nothing going, a waste! .@katyperry I watched Russell Brand and I think his mind is fried - he looks really bad. Russell is a total joke, a dummy who is lost! .@katyperry is no bargain but I don't like John Mayer--he dates and tells--be careful Katy (just watch!). I am making a major speech in West Palm Beach, Florida at noon. Tune in! Thank you! #MAGA #AmericaFirst The phony story in the failing @nytimes is a TOTAL FABRICATION. Written by same people as last discredited story on women. WATCH! Why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the "incident" in her story. Because it did not happen! The MOVEMENT in Lakeland, Florida. Voter registration extended to 10/18. REGISTER ASAP @ http://VOTE.GOP  & get out to VOTE on 11/8! The people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obama's Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored. PAY TO PLAY POLITICS. 
#CrookedHillary Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system! Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them? Thank you Florida- a MOVEMENT that has never been seen before and will never be seen again. Lets get out & #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8! #MAGA Wow, @CNN Town Hall questions were given to Crooked Hillary Clinton in advance of big debates against Bernie Sanders. Hillary & CNN FRAUD! Thank you Texas! If you haven't registered to VOTE- today is your last day. Go to: http://VOTE.GOP  & get out on 11/8/16 to #MAGA! OTER REGISTRATION DEADLINES TODAY. You can register now at: http://VOTE.GOP  and get out to #VoteTrumpPence2016! #MAGA DON'T LET HER FOOL US AGAIN. Crooked's State Dept gave special attention to "Friends of Bill" after the Haiti Earthquake. Unbelievable! I hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks. She is unfit to run. In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida! The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his  primary (I gave, he won), then dropped me over locker room remarks! Wow. Unbelievable. Disloyal R's are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They don’t know how to win - I will teach them! With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans! It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to. 13 states have voter registration deadlines TODAY: FL, OH, PA, MI, GA, TX, NM, IN, LA, TN, AR, KY, SC. Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty. Despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll), it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support! Thank you Pennsylvania. This is a MOVEMENT like we have never seen before! #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8/16- together, we will #MAGA! Is this really America? Terrible! Debate polls look great - thank you!
#MAGA #AmericaFirst Wow, @CNN got caught fixing their "focus group" in order to make Crooked Hillary look better. Really pathetic and totally dishonest! CNN is the worst - fortunately they have bad ratings because everyone knows they are biased. Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee Thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. Very exciting! Thank you St. Louis, Missouri!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
https://instagram.com/p/BLXhklOj69p/  Congrats to my running mate @realDonaldTrump on a big debate win! Proud to stand with you as we #MAGA. Someone please fact check her coal comments. Give me a break. #debates MY PRO-GROWTH Econ Plan:
✅Eliminate excessive regulations! 
✅Lean government!
✅Lower taxes! Hypocrite: @HillaryClinton is the single biggest beneficiary of Citizens United in history, by far. #debate #bigleaguetruth